Ok here is your to-do list to fix this up over the next week: 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *   make another div to be your Grid container that can be the child of the 
        <body> element.
            Then, we can use margin: auto to center your Grid. It's also good 
            practice to limit the styling and functions of the <body> element. 
            Something can't have margins if it doesn't have a parent element. (-1)
    *   JS console errors (dates.js on Home is having an error on line 20)
    *   Just a suggestion for future consideration, but you could have the 
        widths as percentages, but also with max-width values to make the 
        elements grow as the page width increases to reduce whitespace on mobile 
        and tablet views * I'm not seeing the meet and greet banner on Mondays 
        and Tuesdays
    *   Move small to medium breakpoint to about 720px instead of about 651px.
    *   missing alt text on some images, and just a couple of contrast issues 
        with light brown text on medium brown background and vice versa (you can
        ignore the contrast errors that are coming up for text that actually has
        an image as the background because this tool doesn't know how to account 
        for that). Home page layout and functionality is otherwise almost 
        perfect! Directory page is perfect except for:
    *   the menu code seems to have lost its CSS/JS (should be able to copy from 
        Home)
    *   mobile view for list, you will want to either display only some of the 
        info or else wrap some of the fields to a second line per company. I 
        actually think you might be able to just apply your medium CSS for the 
        list also in the small view and get it to work that way. Same with your 
        toggle button, it looks great on medium but is causing issues on small.
    *   there is a shift to the right when the card container is hidden because 
        it is still taking up some space in the layout. Try toggling this CSS 
        to apply to cardContainer when you are on the List view: display: none; 

Discover page:
    *   same menu issue where you just need to apply the same code from Home 
    *   needs a page visit timer using localStorage. Let me know if you need 
        help with this. I liked your idea to add a mission story here. :) Form 
        page:
    *   on line 118, that styling needs to be in the CSS file * you will want 
        an action attribute on your form to send them to another page (thanks.html) 
        if they pass all validation * this page is not responsive, but I am not 
        taking points off for that since you did all the extra stuff with the 
        form JS. So, you don't need to fix it "for points". I know you know what
        responsive layout means.
    *   each field needs a label attribute
    *   some HTML validation errors Contact page is missing but I know that will 
        be simple. And you will want to remove console.log statements once 
        everything is finished! Let me know if you need help with any of this. 
        It's kind of a long list but you have most of the important functionality
        down!

    *   I'm not seeing the meet and greet banner on Mondays and Tuesdays (-3)
    *   Move small to medium breakpoint to about 720px instead of about 651px. (-1)
    *   missing alt text on some images, and just a couple of contrast issues 
        with light brown text on medium brown background and vice versa (you can
        ignore the contrast errors that are coming up for text that actually has
        an image as the background because this tool doesn't know how to account
        for that). (-2)
        Home page layout and functionality is otherwise almost perfect! 

Directory page is perfect except for:
    *   the menu code seems to have lost its CSS/JS (should be able to copy from
        Home) (-0)
    *   mobile view for list, you will want to either display only some of the 
        info or else wrap some of the fields to a second line per company. I 
        actually think you might be able to just apply your medium CSS for the 
        list also in the small view and get it to work that way. Same with your 
        toggle button, it looks great on medium but is causing issues on small. (-0)
    *   there is a shift to the right when the card container is hidden because 
        it is still taking up some space in the layout. Try toggling this CSS to
        apply to cardContainer when you are on the List view: display: none; (-1)

Discover page:
    *   same menu issue where you just need to apply the same code from Home (-0)
    *   needs a page visit timer using localStorage. Let me know if you need help 
        with this. (-5) I liked your idea to add a mission story here. :) Form 
        page:
    *   on line 118, that styling needs to be in the CSS file (-1)
    *   you will want an action attribute on your form to send them to another 
        page (thanks.html) if they pass all validation (-1)
    *   this page is not responsive, but I am not taking points off for that
        since you did all the extra stuff with the form JS. So, you don't need 
        to fix it "for points". I know you know what responsive layout means. (-0)
    *   each field needs a label attribute (-1) * some HTML validation errors (-1) 
        Contact page is missing but I know that will be simple. And you will 
        want to remove console.log statements once everything is finished! (-0) 
        Let me know if you need help with any of this. It's kind of a long list
        but you have most of the important functionality down! So I have this as 
        82 but I told you it's a B+ site overall and most of these one pointers
        are things that you know but ran out of time to tweak for now. I'm 
        confident to put down an 87 for now and then you still have a week to get
        it higher than that if you want to.